New documentation structure and content (#195)
liteflow-labs/liteflow-js: docs/pages/products/wallet-to-wallet-messaging.mdx

---
title: 'Wallet-to-Wallet Messaging'
---

import { Card } from '../../components/Card'
import { Cards, Steps } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

# Wallet-to-Wallet Messaging

> Wallet to Wallet Messaging solution, leverages the [XMTP protocol](https://xmtp.org/) to facilitate direct and secure communication across wallets. This feature is versatile, supporting social, commercial, and support interactions, and can be incorporated into any application or used via our dedicated chat template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wallet-to-Wallet Messaging solution harnesses the [XMTP protocol](https://xmtp.org/) to enable direct and secure communication across wallets. This product is versatile, supporting social, commercial, and support interactions, and can be incorporated into any application or used via our dedicated chat template.```

## Features

<Cards num={3}>

>   <Card title="Universal Integration">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Universal Compatibility">
```

>     Effortlessly incorporate into any application environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Integrate the messaging solution into any app environment with ease.
```

  </Card>

>   <Card title="Real-Time Chat">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Instant Messaging">
```

>     Enable instant messaging for dynamic, on-the-go communications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable real-time chat capability for immediate and dynamic communication.
```

  </Card>
  <Card title="Versatile Interactions">

>     Suitable for everything from casual chats to formal negotiations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Adapt to any context from casual conversations to business discussions.
```

  </Card>
  <Card title="Seamless Wallet Connection">
    If users are connected, they're ready to chat—no additional steps required.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Brand Customization">
    Tailor the chat aesthetics to align with your brand identity.
  </Card>

>   <Card title="Personalized User Profiles">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Custom User Profiles">
```

>     Customize user profiles in chat to reflect wallet-associated data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Customize chat profiles to reflect wallet-associated data for a personalized touch.
```

  </Card>
</Cards>

> 

Reviewer: ### Multi-Chain Compatibility 
Our product seamlessly integrates with a variety of blockchain ecosystems to provide a versatile and expansive user experience. It is fully compatible with major chains including Ethereum, Polygon, Binance Smart Chain, and LightLink, as well as other EVM-compatible chains.

Author: I would suggest not to add that, this is a wallet that technically is not required to be connected to a wallet and more importantly this breaks the design or we need to remove one section

## How to Use It

<Steps>

### Marketplace Integration

The messaging system comes pre-integrated with our [marketplace template](/templates/marketplace), streamlining setup.

### Standalone Application Setup

> Deploy messaging as a separate app using our [chat template](/templates/chat) for specialized communication platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the messaging solution as a separate app using our [chat template](/templates/chat) for specialized communication platforms.
```
